.TH "ColDatum" 3 "3 Aug 2009" "Rcpp" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ColDatum \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <Rcpp.h>\fP
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBColDatum\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB~ColDatum\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBColDatum\fP (const \fBColDatum\fP &datum)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBColType\fP \fBgetType\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetDoubleValue\fP (double val)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetIntValue\fP (int val)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetLogicalValue\fP (int val)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetStringValue\fP (std::string val)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetDateValue\fP (\fBRcppDate\fP date)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetDatetimeValue\fP (\fBRcppDatetime\fP datetime)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetFactorValue\fP (std::string *names, int numNames, int factorLevel)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBgetDoubleValue\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBgetIntValue\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBgetLogicalValue\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "std::string \fBgetStringValue\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBRcppDate\fP \fBgetDateValue\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBgetDateRCode\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBRcppDatetime\fP \fBgetDatetimeValue\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBcheckFactorType\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBgetFactorNumLevels\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBgetFactorLevel\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "std::string * \fBgetFactorLevelNames\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "std::string \fBgetFactorLevelName\fP ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBColType\fP \fBtype\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "std::string \fBs\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBx\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBi\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBlevel\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnumLevels\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "std::string * \fBlevelNames\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBRcppDate\fP \fBd\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Definition at line 171 of file Rcpp.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "ColDatum::ColDatum ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 173 of file Rcpp.h.
.PP
References level.
.SS "ColDatum::~ColDatum ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 176 of file Rcpp.h.
.PP
References COLTYPE_FACTOR, levelNames, and type.
.SS "ColDatum::ColDatum (const \fBColDatum\fP & datum)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 186 of file Rcpp.h.
.PP
References COLTYPE_FACTOR, d, i, level, levelNames, numLevels, s, type, and x.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void ColDatum::checkFactorType ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 266 of file Rcpp.h.
.PP
References COLTYPE_FACTOR, and type.
.PP
Referenced by getFactorLevel(), getFactorLevelName(), getFactorLevelNames(), and getFactorNumLevels().
.SS "double ColDatum::getDateRCode ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 257 of file Rcpp.h.
.PP
References d, RcppDate::getJDN(), and RcppDate::Jan1970Offset.
.SS "\fBRcppDatetime\fP ColDatum::getDatetimeValue ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 260 of file Rcpp.h.
.PP
References COLTYPE_DATETIME, type, and x.
.SS "\fBRcppDate\fP ColDatum::getDateValue ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 252 of file Rcpp.h.
.PP
References COLTYPE_DATE, d, and type.
.SS "double ColDatum::getDoubleValue ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 232 of file Rcpp.h.
.PP
References COLTYPE_DOUBLE, type, and x.
.SS "int ColDatum::getFactorLevel ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 271 of file Rcpp.h.
.PP
References checkFactorType(), and level.
.SS "std::string ColDatum::getFactorLevelName ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 273 of file Rcpp.h.
.PP
References checkFactorType(), level, and levelNames.
.SS "std::string* ColDatum::getFactorLevelNames ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 272 of file Rcpp.h.
.PP
References checkFactorType(), and levelNames.
.SS "int ColDatum::getFactorNumLevels ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 270 of file Rcpp.h.
.PP
References checkFactorType(), and numLevels.
.SS "int ColDatum::getIntValue ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 237 of file Rcpp.h.
.PP
References COLTYPE_INT, i, and type.
.SS "int ColDatum::getLogicalValue ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 242 of file Rcpp.h.
.PP
References COLTYPE_LOGICAL, i, and type.
.SS "std::string ColDatum::getStringValue ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 247 of file Rcpp.h.
.PP
References COLTYPE_STRING, s, and type.
.SS "\fBColType\fP ColDatum::getType () const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 203 of file Rcpp.h.
.PP
References type.
.SS "void ColDatum::setDatetimeValue (\fBRcppDatetime\fP datetime)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 217 of file Rcpp.h.
.PP
References COLTYPE_DATETIME, RcppDatetime::m_d, type, and x.
.SS "void ColDatum::setDateValue (\fBRcppDate\fP date)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 213 of file Rcpp.h.
.PP
References COLTYPE_DATE, d, and type.
.SS "void ColDatum::setDoubleValue (double val)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 205 of file Rcpp.h.
.PP
References COLTYPE_DOUBLE, type, and x.
.SS "void ColDatum::setFactorValue (std::string * names, int numNames, int factorLevel)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 221 of file Rcpp.h.
.PP
References COLTYPE_FACTOR, i, level, levelNames, numLevels, and type.
.SS "void ColDatum::setIntValue (int val)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 206 of file Rcpp.h.
.PP
References COLTYPE_INT, i, and type.
.SS "void ColDatum::setLogicalValue (int val)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 207 of file Rcpp.h.
.PP
References COLTYPE_LOGICAL, i, and type.
.SS "void ColDatum::setStringValue (std::string val)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 212 of file Rcpp.h.
.PP
References COLTYPE_STRING, s, and type.
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBRcppDate\fP \fBColDatum::d\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 283 of file Rcpp.h.
.PP
Referenced by ColDatum(), getDateRCode(), getDateValue(), and setDateValue().
.SS "int \fBColDatum::i\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 279 of file Rcpp.h.
.PP
Referenced by ColDatum(), getIntValue(), getLogicalValue(), setFactorValue(), setIntValue(), and setLogicalValue().
.SS "int \fBColDatum::level\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 280 of file Rcpp.h.
.PP
Referenced by ColDatum(), getFactorLevel(), getFactorLevelName(), and setFactorValue().
.SS "std::string* \fBColDatum::levelNames\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 282 of file Rcpp.h.
.PP
Referenced by ColDatum(), getFactorLevelName(), getFactorLevelNames(), setFactorValue(), and ~ColDatum().
.SS "int \fBColDatum::numLevels\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 281 of file Rcpp.h.
.PP
Referenced by ColDatum(), getFactorNumLevels(), and setFactorValue().
.SS "std::string \fBColDatum::s\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 277 of file Rcpp.h.
.PP
Referenced by ColDatum(), getStringValue(), and setStringValue().
.SS "\fBColType\fP \fBColDatum::type\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 276 of file Rcpp.h.
.PP
Referenced by checkFactorType(), ColDatum(), getDatetimeValue(), getDateValue(), getDoubleValue(), getIntValue(), getLogicalValue(), getStringValue(), getType(), setDatetimeValue(), setDateValue(), setDoubleValue(), setFactorValue(), setIntValue(), setLogicalValue(), setStringValue(), and ~ColDatum().
.SS "double \fBColDatum::x\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 278 of file Rcpp.h.
.PP
Referenced by ColDatum(), getDatetimeValue(), getDoubleValue(), setDatetimeValue(), and setDoubleValue().

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Rcpp from the source code.
