.TH "RcppList" 3 "6 Nov 2009" "Rcpp" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
RcppList \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <RcppList.h>\fP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBRcppList\fP (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB~RcppList\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetSize\fP (int size)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBappend\fP (std::string name, double value)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBappend\fP (std::string name, int value)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBappend\fP (std::string name, std::string value)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBappend\fP (std::string name, SEXP sexp)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBclearProtectionStack\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "SEXP \fBgetList\fP (void) const "
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "SEXP \fBlistArg\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBlistSize\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBcurrListPosn\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnumProtected\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "std::vector< std::string > \fBnames\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Friends"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBRcppResultSet\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Definition at line 40 of file RcppList.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "RcppList::RcppList (void)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 42 of file RcppList.h.
.SS "RcppList::~RcppList ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 44 of file RcppList.h.
.PP
References numProtected.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void RcppList::append (std::string name, SEXP sexp)"
.PP
Definition at line 59 of file RcppList.cpp.
.PP
References currListPosn, listArg, listSize, and names.
.SS "void RcppList::append (std::string name, std::string value)"
.PP
Definition at line 49 of file RcppList.cpp.
.PP
References currListPosn, listArg, listSize, names, and numProtected.
.SS "void RcppList::append (std::string name, int value)"
.PP
Definition at line 39 of file RcppList.cpp.
.PP
References currListPosn, listArg, listSize, names, and numProtected.
.SS "void RcppList::append (std::string name, double value)"
.PP
Definition at line 29 of file RcppList.cpp.
.PP
References currListPosn, listArg, listSize, names, and numProtected.
.SS "void RcppList::clearProtectionStack ()"
.PP
Definition at line 66 of file RcppList.cpp.
.PP
References numProtected.
.SS "SEXP RcppList::getList (void) const"
.PP
Definition at line 71 of file RcppList.cpp.
.PP
References listArg, listSize, and names.
.PP
Referenced by RcppResultSet::add().
.SS "void RcppList::setSize (int size)"
.PP
Definition at line 23 of file RcppList.cpp.
.PP
References listArg, listSize, and numProtected.
.SH "Friends And Related Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "friend class \fBRcppResultSet\fP\fC [friend]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 58 of file RcppList.h.
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "int \fBRcppList::currListPosn\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 62 of file RcppList.h.
.PP
Referenced by append().
.SS "SEXP \fBRcppList::listArg\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 61 of file RcppList.h.
.PP
Referenced by append(), getList(), and setSize().
.SS "int \fBRcppList::listSize\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 62 of file RcppList.h.
.PP
Referenced by append(), getList(), and setSize().
.SS "std::vector<std::string> \fBRcppList::names\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 63 of file RcppList.h.
.PP
Referenced by append(), and getList().
.SS "int \fBRcppList::numProtected\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 62 of file RcppList.h.
.PP
Referenced by append(), clearProtectionStack(), setSize(), and ~RcppList().

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Rcpp from the source code.
