.TH "RcppResultSet" 3 "2 Jan 2010" "Rcpp" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
RcppResultSet \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <RcppResultSet.h>\fP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBRcppResultSet\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBadd\fP (std::string, double)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBadd\fP (std::string, int)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBadd\fP (std::string, std::string)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBadd\fP (std::string, double *, int)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBadd\fP (std::string, int *, int)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBadd\fP (std::string, double **, int, int)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBadd\fP (std::string, int **, int, int)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBadd\fP (std::string, \fBRcppDate\fP &)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBadd\fP (std::string, \fBRcppDateVector\fP &)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBadd\fP (std::string, \fBRcppDatetime\fP &)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBadd\fP (std::string, \fBRcppDatetimeVector\fP &)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBadd\fP (std::string, \fBRcppStringVector\fP &)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBadd\fP (std::string, std::vector< double > &)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBadd\fP (std::string, std::vector< int > &)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBadd\fP (std::string, std::vector< std::vector< double > > &)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBadd\fP (std::string, std::vector< std::vector< int > > &)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBadd\fP (std::string, std::vector< std::string > &)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBadd\fP (std::string, \fBRcppVector\fP< int > &)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBadd\fP (std::string, \fBRcppVector\fP< double > &)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBadd\fP (std::string, \fBRcppMatrix\fP< int > &)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBadd\fP (std::string, \fBRcppMatrix\fP< double > &)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBadd\fP (std::string, \fBRcppFrame\fP &)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBadd\fP (std::string, \fBRcppList\fP &)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBadd\fP (std::string, SEXP, bool isProtected)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "SEXP \fBgetReturnList\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "SEXP \fBgetSEXP\fP ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnumProtected\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "std::list< std::pair< std::string, SEXP > > \fBvalues\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Definition at line 40 of file RcppResultSet.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "RcppResultSet::RcppResultSet ()"
.PP
Definition at line 25 of file RcppResultSet.cpp.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void RcppResultSet::add (std::string name, SEXP sexp, bool isProtected)"
.PP
Definition at line 343 of file RcppResultSet.cpp.
.PP
References numProtected, and values.
.SS "void RcppResultSet::add (std::string name, \fBRcppList\fP & list)"
.PP
Definition at line 338 of file RcppResultSet.cpp.
.PP
References RcppList::getList(), and values.
.SS "void RcppResultSet::add (std::string name, \fBRcppFrame\fP & frame)"
.PP
Definition at line 256 of file RcppResultSet.cpp.
.PP
References COLTYPE_DATE, COLTYPE_DATETIME, COLTYPE_DOUBLE, COLTYPE_FACTOR, COLTYPE_INT, COLTYPE_LOGICAL, COLTYPE_STRING, RcppFrame::getColNames(), RcppFrame::getTableData(), numProtected, and values.
.SS "void RcppResultSet::add (std::string name, \fBRcppMatrix\fP< double > & mat)"
.PP
Definition at line 244 of file RcppResultSet.cpp.
.PP
References RcppMatrix< T >::cMatrix(), RcppMatrix< T >::getDim1(), RcppMatrix< T >::getDim2(), numProtected, and values.
.SS "void RcppResultSet::add (std::string name, \fBRcppMatrix\fP< int > & mat)"
.PP
Definition at line 232 of file RcppResultSet.cpp.
.PP
References RcppMatrix< T >::cMatrix(), RcppMatrix< T >::getDim1(), RcppMatrix< T >::getDim2(), numProtected, and values.
.SS "void RcppResultSet::add (std::string name, \fBRcppVector\fP< double > & vec)"
.PP
Definition at line 222 of file RcppResultSet.cpp.
.PP
References RcppVector< T >::cVector(), numProtected, RcppVector< T >::size(), and values.
.SS "void RcppResultSet::add (std::string name, \fBRcppVector\fP< int > & vec)"
.PP
Definition at line 212 of file RcppResultSet.cpp.
.PP
References RcppVector< T >::cVector(), numProtected, RcppVector< T >::size(), and values.
.SS "void RcppResultSet::add (std::string name, std::vector< std::string > & vec)"
.PP
Definition at line 149 of file RcppResultSet.cpp.
.PP
References numProtected, and values.
.SS "void RcppResultSet::add (std::string name, std::vector< std::vector< int > > & mat)"
.PP
Definition at line 182 of file RcppResultSet.cpp.
.PP
References numProtected, and values.
.SS "void RcppResultSet::add (std::string name, std::vector< std::vector< double > > & mat)"
.PP
Definition at line 197 of file RcppResultSet.cpp.
.PP
References numProtected, and values.
.SS "void RcppResultSet::add (std::string name, std::vector< int > & vec)"
.PP
Definition at line 160 of file RcppResultSet.cpp.
.PP
References numProtected, and values.
.SS "void RcppResultSet::add (std::string name, std::vector< double > & vec)"
.PP
Definition at line 171 of file RcppResultSet.cpp.
.PP
References numProtected, and values.
.SS "void RcppResultSet::add (std::string name, \fBRcppStringVector\fP & stringvec)"
.PP
Definition at line 108 of file RcppResultSet.cpp.
.PP
References numProtected, RcppStringVector::size(), and values.
.SS "void RcppResultSet::add (std::string name, \fBRcppDatetimeVector\fP & dtvec)"
.PP
Definition at line 94 of file RcppResultSet.cpp.
.PP
References numProtected, RcppDatetimeVector::size(), and values.
.SS "void RcppResultSet::add (std::string name, \fBRcppDatetime\fP & datetime)"
.PP
Definition at line 38 of file RcppResultSet.cpp.
.PP
References RcppDatetime::getFractionalTimestamp(), numProtected, and values.
.SS "void RcppResultSet::add (std::string name, \fBRcppDateVector\fP & datevec)"
.PP
Definition at line 81 of file RcppResultSet.cpp.
.PP
References RcppDate::Jan1970Offset, numProtected, RcppDateVector::size(), and values.
.SS "void RcppResultSet::add (std::string name, \fBRcppDate\fP & date)"
.PP
Definition at line 27 of file RcppResultSet.cpp.
.PP
References RcppDate::getJDN(), RcppDate::Jan1970Offset, numProtected, and values.
.SS "void RcppResultSet::add (std::string name, int ** mat, int nx, int ny)"
.PP
Definition at line 138 of file RcppResultSet.cpp.
.PP
References numProtected, and values.
.SS "void RcppResultSet::add (std::string name, double ** mat, int nx, int ny)"
.PP
Definition at line 127 of file RcppResultSet.cpp.
.PP
References numProtected, and values.
.SS "void RcppResultSet::add (std::string name, int * vec, int len)"
.PP
Definition at line 117 of file RcppResultSet.cpp.
.PP
References numProtected, and values.
.SS "void RcppResultSet::add (std::string name, double * vec, int len)"
.PP
Definition at line 71 of file RcppResultSet.cpp.
.PP
References numProtected, and values.
.SS "void RcppResultSet::add (std::string name, std::string strvalue)"
.PP
Definition at line 64 of file RcppResultSet.cpp.
.PP
References numProtected, and values.
.SS "void RcppResultSet::add (std::string name, int i)"
.PP
Definition at line 57 of file RcppResultSet.cpp.
.PP
References numProtected, and values.
.SS "void RcppResultSet::add (std::string name, double x)"
.PP
Definition at line 50 of file RcppResultSet.cpp.
.PP
References numProtected, and values.
.PP
Referenced by Rcpp_Example(), RcppDateExample(), and RcppVectorExample().
.SS "SEXP RcppResultSet::getReturnList ()"
.PP
Definition at line 349 of file RcppResultSet.cpp.
.PP
References numProtected, and values.
.PP
Referenced by Rcpp_Example(), RcppDateExample(), and RcppVectorExample().
.SS "SEXP RcppResultSet::getSEXP ()"
.PP
Definition at line 363 of file RcppResultSet.cpp.
.PP
References numProtected, and values.
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "int \fBRcppResultSet::numProtected\fP\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 70 of file RcppResultSet.h.
.PP
Referenced by add(), getReturnList(), and getSEXP().
.SS "std::list<std::pair<std::string,SEXP> > \fBRcppResultSet::values\fP\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 71 of file RcppResultSet.h.
.PP
Referenced by add(), getReturnList(), and getSEXP().

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Rcpp from the source code.
