.TH "RcppMatrix" 3 "2 Jan 2010" "Rcpp" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
RcppMatrix \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <RcppMatrix.h>\fP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBRcppMatrix\fP (SEXP mat)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBRcppMatrix\fP (int nx, int ny)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBgetDim1\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBgetDim2\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBrows\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBcols\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "T & \fBoperator()\fP (int i, int j) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "T ** \fBcMatrix\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "std::vector< std::vector< T > > \fBstlMatrix\fP ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBdim1\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBdim2\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "T ** \fBa\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 

.SS "template<typename T> class RcppMatrix< T >"

.PP
Definition at line 29 of file RcppMatrix.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<typename T > \fBRcppMatrix\fP< T >::\fBRcppMatrix\fP (SEXP mat)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 26 of file RcppMatrix.cpp.
.PP
References RcppMatrix< T >::a, RcppMatrix< T >::dim1, and RcppMatrix< T >::dim2.
.SS "template<typename T > \fBRcppMatrix\fP< T >::\fBRcppMatrix\fP (int nx, int ny)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 57 of file RcppMatrix.cpp.
.PP
References RcppMatrix< T >::a, RcppMatrix< T >::dim1, and RcppMatrix< T >::dim2.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<typename T > T ** \fBRcppMatrix\fP< T >::cMatrix ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 97 of file RcppMatrix.cpp.
.PP
References RcppMatrix< T >::a, RcppMatrix< T >::dim1, and RcppMatrix< T >::dim2.
.PP
Referenced by RcppResultSet::add(), and Rcpp_Example().
.SS "template<typename T > int \fBRcppMatrix\fP< T >::cols () const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 82 of file RcppMatrix.cpp.
.PP
References RcppMatrix< T >::dim2.
.SS "template<typename T > int \fBRcppMatrix\fP< T >::getDim1 () const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 70 of file RcppMatrix.cpp.
.PP
References RcppMatrix< T >::dim1.
.PP
Referenced by RcppResultSet::add(), and Rcpp_Example().
.SS "template<typename T > int \fBRcppMatrix\fP< T >::getDim2 () const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 74 of file RcppMatrix.cpp.
.PP
References RcppMatrix< T >::dim2.
.PP
Referenced by RcppResultSet::add(), and Rcpp_Example().
.SS "template<typename T > T & \fBRcppMatrix\fP< T >::operator() (int i, int j) const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 87 of file RcppMatrix.cpp.
.PP
References RcppMatrix< T >::a, RcppMatrix< T >::dim1, and RcppMatrix< T >::dim2.
.SS "template<typename T > int \fBRcppMatrix\fP< T >::rows () const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 78 of file RcppMatrix.cpp.
.PP
References RcppMatrix< T >::dim1.
.SS "template<typename T > std::vector< std::vector< T > > \fBRcppMatrix\fP< T >::stlMatrix ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 110 of file RcppMatrix.cpp.
.PP
References RcppMatrix< T >::a, RcppMatrix< T >::dim1, and RcppMatrix< T >::dim2.
.PP
Referenced by Rcpp_Example().
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<typename T> T** \fBRcppMatrix\fP< T >::\fBa\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 42 of file RcppMatrix.h.
.PP
Referenced by RcppMatrix< T >::cMatrix(), RcppMatrix< T >::operator()(), RcppMatrix< T >::RcppMatrix(), and RcppMatrix< T >::stlMatrix().
.SS "template<typename T> int \fBRcppMatrix\fP< T >::\fBdim1\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 41 of file RcppMatrix.h.
.PP
Referenced by RcppMatrix< T >::cMatrix(), RcppMatrix< T >::getDim1(), RcppMatrix< T >::operator()(), RcppMatrix< T >::RcppMatrix(), RcppMatrix< T >::rows(), and RcppMatrix< T >::stlMatrix().
.SS "template<typename T> int \fBRcppMatrix\fP< T >::\fBdim2\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 41 of file RcppMatrix.h.
.PP
Referenced by RcppMatrix< T >::cMatrix(), RcppMatrix< T >::cols(), RcppMatrix< T >::getDim2(), RcppMatrix< T >::operator()(), RcppMatrix< T >::RcppMatrix(), and RcppMatrix< T >::stlMatrix().

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Rcpp from the source code.
