.TH "RcppDate" 3 "3 Aug 2009" "Rcpp" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
RcppDate \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <Rcpp.h>\fP
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBRcppDate\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBRcppDate\fP (int Rjdn)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBRcppDate\fP (int month_, int day_, int year_)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBgetMonth\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBgetDay\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBgetYear\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBgetJDN\fP () const "
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Static Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "static const int \fBJan1970Offset\fP = 2440588"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static const int \fBQLtoJan1970Offset\fP = 25569"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Private Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBmdy2jdn\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBjdn2mdy\fP ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBmonth\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBday\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fByear\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBjdn\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Friends"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBRcppDate\fP \fBoperator+\fP (const \fBRcppDate\fP &date, int offset)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBoperator-\fP (const \fBRcppDate\fP &date1, const \fBRcppDate\fP &date2)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBoperator<\fP (const \fBRcppDate\fP &date1, const \fBRcppDate\fP &date2)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBoperator>\fP (const \fBRcppDate\fP &date1, const \fBRcppDate\fP &date2)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBoperator==\fP (const \fBRcppDate\fP &date1, const \fBRcppDate\fP &date2)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBoperator>=\fP (const \fBRcppDate\fP &date1, const \fBRcppDate\fP &date2)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBoperator<=\fP (const \fBRcppDate\fP &date1, const \fBRcppDate\fP &date2)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "std::ostream & \fBoperator<<\fP (std::ostream &os, const \fBRcppDate\fP &date)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Definition at line 47 of file Rcpp.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "RcppDate::RcppDate ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 57 of file Rcpp.h.
.PP
References day, mdy2jdn(), month, and year.
.SS "RcppDate::RcppDate (int Rjdn)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 58 of file Rcpp.h.
.PP
References Jan1970Offset, jdn, and jdn2mdy().
.SS "RcppDate::RcppDate (int month_, int day_, int year_)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 59 of file Rcpp.h.
.PP
References mdy2jdn().
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "int RcppDate::getDay () const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 67 of file Rcpp.h.
.PP
References day.
.PP
Referenced by operator<<(), Rcpp_Example(), and RcppParamsExample().
.SS "int RcppDate::getJDN () const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 69 of file Rcpp.h.
.PP
References jdn.
.PP
Referenced by RcppResultSet::add(), RcppFunction::appendToRList(), and ColDatum::getDateRCode().
.SS "int RcppDate::getMonth () const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 66 of file Rcpp.h.
.PP
References month.
.PP
Referenced by operator<<(), Rcpp_Example(), and RcppParamsExample().
.SS "int RcppDate::getYear () const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 68 of file Rcpp.h.
.PP
References year.
.PP
Referenced by operator<<(), Rcpp_Example(), and RcppParamsExample().
.SS "void RcppDate::jdn2mdy ()\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 865 of file Rcpp.cpp.
.PP
References day, jdn, month, and year.
.PP
Referenced by operator+(), and RcppDate().
.SS "void RcppDate::mdy2jdn ()\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 855 of file Rcpp.cpp.
.PP
References day, jdn, month, and year.
.PP
Referenced by RcppDate().
.SH "Friends And Related Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBRcppDate\fP operator+ (const \fBRcppDate\fP & date, int offset)\fC [friend]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 805 of file Rcpp.cpp.
.SS "int operator- (const \fBRcppDate\fP & date1, const \fBRcppDate\fP & date2)\fC [friend]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 812 of file Rcpp.cpp.
.SS "bool operator< (const \fBRcppDate\fP & date1, const \fBRcppDate\fP & date2)\fC [friend]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 816 of file Rcpp.cpp.
.SS "std::ostream& operator<< (std::ostream & os, const \fBRcppDate\fP & date)\fC [friend]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 799 of file Rcpp.cpp.
.SS "bool operator<= (const \fBRcppDate\fP & date1, const \fBRcppDate\fP & date2)\fC [friend]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 828 of file Rcpp.cpp.
.SS "bool operator== (const \fBRcppDate\fP & date1, const \fBRcppDate\fP & date2)\fC [friend]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 832 of file Rcpp.cpp.
.SS "bool operator> (const \fBRcppDate\fP & date1, const \fBRcppDate\fP & date2)\fC [friend]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 820 of file Rcpp.cpp.
.SS "bool operator>= (const \fBRcppDate\fP & date1, const \fBRcppDate\fP & date2)\fC [friend]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 824 of file Rcpp.cpp.
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "int \fBRcppDate::day\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 51 of file Rcpp.h.
.PP
Referenced by getDay(), jdn2mdy(), mdy2jdn(), operator+(), and RcppDate().
.SS "const int \fBRcppDate::Jan1970Offset\fP = 2440588\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 55 of file Rcpp.h.
.PP
Referenced by RcppResultSet::add(), RcppFunction::appendToRList(), ColDatum::getDateRCode(), and RcppDate().
.SS "int \fBRcppDate::jdn\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 52 of file Rcpp.h.
.PP
Referenced by getJDN(), jdn2mdy(), mdy2jdn(), operator+(), operator-(), operator<(), operator<=(), operator==(), operator>(), operator>=(), and RcppDate().
.SS "int \fBRcppDate::month\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 51 of file Rcpp.h.
.PP
Referenced by getMonth(), jdn2mdy(), mdy2jdn(), operator+(), and RcppDate().
.SS "const int \fBRcppDate::QLtoJan1970Offset\fP = 25569\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 56 of file Rcpp.h.
.SS "int \fBRcppDate::year\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 51 of file Rcpp.h.
.PP
Referenced by getYear(), jdn2mdy(), mdy2jdn(), operator+(), and RcppDate().

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Rcpp from the source code.
