.TH "RcppSexp" 3 "19 Dec 2009" "Rcpp" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
RcppSexp \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <RcppSexp.h>\fP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBRcppSexp\fP (SEXP sexp, int numprot=0)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBRcppSexp\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBRcppSexp\fP (const double &v)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBRcppSexp\fP (const int &v)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBRcppSexp\fP (const std::string &v)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBRcppSexp\fP (const std::vector< int > &v)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBRcppSexp\fP (const std::vector< double > &v)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBRcppSexp\fP (const std::vector< std::string > &v)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB~RcppSexp\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBasDouble\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBasInt\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "std::string \fBasStdString\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "std::vector< int > \fBasStdVectorInt\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "std::vector< double > \fBasStdVectorDouble\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "std::vector< std::string > \fBasStdVectorString\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "SEXP \fBasSexp\fP () const "
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "SEXP \fBm_sexp\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Definition at line 27 of file RcppSexp.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "RcppSexp::RcppSexp (SEXP sexp, int numprot = \fC0\fP)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 29 of file RcppSexp.h.
.SS "RcppSexp::RcppSexp ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 30 of file RcppSexp.h.
.SS "RcppSexp::RcppSexp (const double & v)"
.PP
Definition at line 24 of file RcppSexp.cpp.
.PP
References logTxt, and m_sexp.
.SS "RcppSexp::RcppSexp (const int & v)"
.PP
Definition at line 31 of file RcppSexp.cpp.
.PP
References logTxt, and m_sexp.
.SS "RcppSexp::RcppSexp (const std::string & v)"
.PP
Definition at line 38 of file RcppSexp.cpp.
.PP
References logTxt, and m_sexp.
.SS "RcppSexp::RcppSexp (const std::vector< int > & v)"
.PP
Definition at line 45 of file RcppSexp.cpp.
.PP
References logTxt, and m_sexp.
.SS "RcppSexp::RcppSexp (const std::vector< double > & v)"
.PP
Definition at line 55 of file RcppSexp.cpp.
.PP
References logTxt, and m_sexp.
.SS "RcppSexp::RcppSexp (const std::vector< std::string > & v)"
.PP
Definition at line 65 of file RcppSexp.cpp.
.PP
References logTxt, and m_sexp.
.SS "RcppSexp::~RcppSexp ()"
.PP
Definition at line 75 of file RcppSexp.cpp.
.PP
References logTxt, and m_sexp.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "double RcppSexp::asDouble () const"
.PP
Definition at line 80 of file RcppSexp.cpp.
.PP
References m_sexp.
.SS "int RcppSexp::asInt () const"
.PP
Definition at line 97 of file RcppSexp.cpp.
.PP
References m_sexp.
.SS "SEXP RcppSexp::asSexp () const"
.PP
Definition at line 124 of file RcppSexp.cpp.
.PP
References m_sexp.
.SS "std::string RcppSexp::asStdString () const"
.PP
Definition at line 114 of file RcppSexp.cpp.
.PP
References m_sexp.
.SS "std::vector< double > RcppSexp::asStdVectorDouble () const"
.PP
Definition at line 144 of file RcppSexp.cpp.
.PP
References m_sexp.
.SS "std::vector< int > RcppSexp::asStdVectorInt () const"
.PP
Definition at line 128 of file RcppSexp.cpp.
.PP
References m_sexp.
.SS "std::vector< std::string > RcppSexp::asStdVectorString () const"
.PP
Definition at line 160 of file RcppSexp.cpp.
.PP
References m_sexp.
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "SEXP \fBRcppSexp::m_sexp\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 48 of file RcppSexp.h.
.PP
Referenced by asDouble(), asInt(), asSexp(), asStdString(), asStdVectorDouble(), asStdVectorInt(), asStdVectorString(), RcppSexp(), and ~RcppSexp().

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Rcpp from the source code.
