.TH "RcppMatrixView" 3 "6 Nov 2009" "Rcpp" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
RcppMatrixView \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <Rcpp.h>\fP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBRcppMatrixView\fP (SEXP mat)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBdim1\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBdim2\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBrows\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBcols\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "T \fBoperator()\fP (int i, int j) const "
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBd1\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBd2\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "T * \fBa\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 

.SS "template<typename T> class RcppMatrixView< T >"

.PP
Definition at line 492 of file Rcpp.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<typename T > \fBRcppMatrixView\fP< T >::\fBRcppMatrixView\fP (SEXP mat)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 436 of file Rcpp.cpp.
.PP
References RcppMatrixView< T >::a, RcppMatrixView< T >::d1, and RcppMatrixView< T >::d2.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<typename T > int \fBRcppMatrixView\fP< T >::cols ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 498 of file Rcpp.h.
.PP
References RcppMatrixView< T >::d2.
.SS "template<typename T > int \fBRcppMatrixView\fP< T >::dim1 () const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 495 of file Rcpp.h.
.PP
References RcppMatrixView< T >::d1.
.SS "template<typename T > int \fBRcppMatrixView\fP< T >::dim2 () const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 496 of file Rcpp.h.
.PP
References RcppMatrixView< T >::d2.
.SS "template<typename T > T \fBRcppMatrixView\fP< T >::operator() (int i, int j) const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 499 of file Rcpp.h.
.PP
References RcppMatrixView< T >::a, RcppMatrixView< T >::d1, and RcppMatrixView< T >::d2.
.SS "template<typename T > int \fBRcppMatrixView\fP< T >::rows ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 497 of file Rcpp.h.
.PP
References RcppMatrixView< T >::d1.
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<typename T > T* \fBRcppMatrixView\fP< T >::\fBa\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 509 of file Rcpp.h.
.PP
Referenced by RcppMatrixView< T >::operator()(), and RcppMatrixView< T >::RcppMatrixView().
.SS "template<typename T > int \fBRcppMatrixView\fP< T >::\fBd1\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 508 of file Rcpp.h.
.PP
Referenced by RcppMatrixView< T >::dim1(), RcppMatrixView< T >::operator()(), RcppMatrixView< T >::RcppMatrixView(), and RcppMatrixView< T >::rows().
.SS "template<typename T > int \fBRcppMatrixView\fP< T >::\fBd2\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 508 of file Rcpp.h.
.PP
Referenced by RcppMatrixView< T >::cols(), RcppMatrixView< T >::dim2(), RcppMatrixView< T >::operator()(), and RcppMatrixView< T >::RcppMatrixView().

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Rcpp from the source code.
