.TH "src/Rcpp.cpp" 3 "6 Nov 2009" "Rcpp" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
src/Rcpp.cpp \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include 'Rcpp.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include <cstring>\fP
.br

.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "std::ostream & \fBoperator<<\fP (std::ostream &os, const \fBRcppDate\fP &date)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBRcppDate\fP \fBoperator+\fP (const \fBRcppDate\fP &date, int offset)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBoperator-\fP (const \fBRcppDate\fP &date2, const \fBRcppDate\fP &date1)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBoperator<\fP (const \fBRcppDate\fP &date1, const \fBRcppDate\fP &date2)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBoperator>\fP (const \fBRcppDate\fP &date1, const \fBRcppDate\fP &date2)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBoperator>=\fP (const \fBRcppDate\fP &date1, const \fBRcppDate\fP &date2)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBoperator<=\fP (const \fBRcppDate\fP &date1, const \fBRcppDate\fP &date2)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBoperator==\fP (const \fBRcppDate\fP &date1, const \fBRcppDate\fP &date2)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBcopyMessageToR\fP (const char *const mesg)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "char* copyMessageToR (const char *const  mesg)"
.PP
Definition at line 1000 of file Rcpp.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by Rcpp_Example(), RcppDateExample(), RcppParamsExample(), and RcppVectorExample().
.SS "\fBRcppDate\fP operator+ (const \fBRcppDate\fP & date, int offset)"
.PP
Definition at line 810 of file Rcpp.cpp.
.PP
References RcppDate::day, RcppDate::jdn, RcppDate::jdn2mdy(), RcppDate::month, and RcppDate::year.
.SS "int operator- (const \fBRcppDate\fP & date2, const \fBRcppDate\fP & date1)"
.PP
Definition at line 817 of file Rcpp.cpp.
.PP
References RcppDate::jdn.
.SS "bool operator< (const \fBRcppDate\fP & date1, const \fBRcppDate\fP & date2)"
.PP
Definition at line 821 of file Rcpp.cpp.
.PP
References RcppDate::jdn.
.SS "std::ostream& operator<< (std::ostream & os, const \fBRcppDate\fP & date)"
.PP
Definition at line 804 of file Rcpp.cpp.
.PP
References RcppDate::getDay(), RcppDate::getMonth(), and RcppDate::getYear().
.SS "bool operator<= (const \fBRcppDate\fP & date1, const \fBRcppDate\fP & date2)"
.PP
Definition at line 833 of file Rcpp.cpp.
.PP
References RcppDate::jdn.
.SS "bool operator== (const \fBRcppDate\fP & date1, const \fBRcppDate\fP & date2)"
.PP
Definition at line 837 of file Rcpp.cpp.
.PP
References RcppDate::jdn.
.SS "bool operator> (const \fBRcppDate\fP & date1, const \fBRcppDate\fP & date2)"
.PP
Definition at line 825 of file Rcpp.cpp.
.PP
References RcppDate::jdn.
.SS "bool operator>= (const \fBRcppDate\fP & date1, const \fBRcppDate\fP & date2)"
.PP
Definition at line 829 of file Rcpp.cpp.
.PP
References RcppDate::jdn.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Rcpp from the source code.
