.TH "RcppFunction" 3 "2 Jan 2010" "Rcpp" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
RcppFunction \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <RcppFunction.h>\fP
.PP
Inherited by \fBMyRListFunc\fP, and \fBMyRVectorFunc\fP.
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBRcppFunction\fP (SEXP \fBfn\fP)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB~RcppFunction\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "SEXP \fBlistCall\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "SEXP \fBvectorCall\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetRVector\fP (std::vector< double > &v)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetRListSize\fP (int size)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBappendToRList\fP (std::string name, double value)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBappendToRList\fP (std::string name, int value)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBappendToRList\fP (std::string name, std::string value)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBappendToRList\fP (std::string name, \fBRcppDate\fP &date)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBappendToRList\fP (std::string name, \fBRcppDatetime\fP &datetime)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBclearProtectionStack\fP ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "SEXP \fBfn\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "SEXP \fBlistArg\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "SEXP \fBvectorArg\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBlistSize\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBcurrListPosn\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnumProtected\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "std::vector< std::string > \fBnames\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Definition at line 30 of file RcppFunction.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "RcppFunction::RcppFunction (SEXP fn)"
.PP
Definition at line 25 of file RcppFunction.cpp.
.PP
References currListPosn, listArg, listSize, numProtected, and vectorArg.
.SS "RcppFunction::~RcppFunction ()"
.PP
Definition at line 34 of file RcppFunction.cpp.
.PP
References numProtected.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void RcppFunction::appendToRList (std::string name, \fBRcppDatetime\fP & datetime)"
.PP
Definition at line 127 of file RcppFunction.cpp.
.PP
References currListPosn, RcppDatetime::getFractionalTimestamp(), listArg, listSize, names, and numProtected.
.SS "void RcppFunction::appendToRList (std::string name, \fBRcppDate\fP & date)"
.PP
Definition at line 113 of file RcppFunction.cpp.
.PP
References currListPosn, RcppDate::getJDN(), RcppDate::Jan1970Offset, listArg, listSize, names, and numProtected.
.SS "void RcppFunction::appendToRList (std::string name, std::string value)"
.PP
Definition at line 103 of file RcppFunction.cpp.
.PP
References currListPosn, listArg, listSize, names, and numProtected.
.SS "void RcppFunction::appendToRList (std::string name, int value)"
.PP
Definition at line 93 of file RcppFunction.cpp.
.PP
References currListPosn, listArg, listSize, names, and numProtected.
.SS "void RcppFunction::appendToRList (std::string name, double value)"
.PP
Definition at line 83 of file RcppFunction.cpp.
.PP
References currListPosn, listArg, listSize, names, and numProtected.
.PP
Referenced by MyRListFunc::addOne().
.SS "void RcppFunction::clearProtectionStack ()"
.PP
Definition at line 142 of file RcppFunction.cpp.
.PP
References numProtected.
.PP
Referenced by MyRListFunc::addOne(), and MyRVectorFunc::getSum().
.SS "SEXP RcppFunction::listCall ()"
.PP
Definition at line 38 of file RcppFunction.cpp.
.PP
References currListPosn, fn, listArg, listSize, names, and numProtected.
.PP
Referenced by MyRListFunc::addOne().
.SS "void RcppFunction::setRListSize (int size)"
.PP
Definition at line 77 of file RcppFunction.cpp.
.PP
References listArg, listSize, and numProtected.
.PP
Referenced by MyRListFunc::addOne().
.SS "void RcppFunction::setRVector (std::vector< double > & v)"
.PP
Definition at line 70 of file RcppFunction.cpp.
.PP
References numProtected, and vectorArg.
.PP
Referenced by MyRVectorFunc::getSum().
.SS "SEXP RcppFunction::vectorCall ()"
.PP
Definition at line 58 of file RcppFunction.cpp.
.PP
References fn, numProtected, and vectorArg.
.PP
Referenced by MyRVectorFunc::getSum().
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "int \fBRcppFunction::currListPosn\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 47 of file RcppFunction.h.
.PP
Referenced by appendToRList(), listCall(), and RcppFunction().
.SS "SEXP \fBRcppFunction::fn\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 46 of file RcppFunction.h.
.PP
Referenced by listCall(), and vectorCall().
.SS "SEXP \fBRcppFunction::listArg\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 46 of file RcppFunction.h.
.PP
Referenced by appendToRList(), listCall(), RcppFunction(), and setRListSize().
.SS "int \fBRcppFunction::listSize\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 47 of file RcppFunction.h.
.PP
Referenced by appendToRList(), listCall(), RcppFunction(), and setRListSize().
.SS "std::vector<std::string> \fBRcppFunction::names\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 48 of file RcppFunction.h.
.PP
Referenced by appendToRList(), and listCall().
.SS "int \fBRcppFunction::numProtected\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 47 of file RcppFunction.h.
.PP
Referenced by appendToRList(), clearProtectionStack(), listCall(), RcppFunction(), setRListSize(), setRVector(), vectorCall(), and ~RcppFunction().
.SS "SEXP \fBRcppFunction::vectorArg\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 46 of file RcppFunction.h.
.PP
Referenced by RcppFunction(), setRVector(), and vectorCall().

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Rcpp from the source code.
