.TH "RcppParams" 3 "19 Dec 2009" "Rcpp" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
RcppParams \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <RcppParams.h>\fP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBRcppParams\fP (SEXP params)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBcheckNames\fP (char *inputNames[], int len)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBexists\fP (std::string name)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBgetDoubleValue\fP (std::string name)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBgetIntValue\fP (std::string name)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "std::string \fBgetStringValue\fP (std::string name)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBgetBoolValue\fP (std::string name)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBRcppDate\fP \fBgetDateValue\fP (std::string name)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBRcppDatetime\fP \fBgetDatetimeValue\fP (std::string name)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "std::map< std::string, int > \fBpmap\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "SEXP \fB_params\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Definition at line 30 of file RcppParams.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "RcppParams::RcppParams (SEXP params)"
.PP
Definition at line 25 of file RcppParams.cpp.
.PP
References _params, and pmap.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void RcppParams::checkNames (char * inputNames[], int len)"
.PP
Definition at line 41 of file RcppParams.cpp.
.PP
References pmap.
.SS "bool RcppParams::exists (std::string name)"
.PP
Definition at line 51 of file RcppParams.cpp.
.PP
References pmap.
.SS "bool RcppParams::getBoolValue (std::string name)"
.PP
Definition at line 123 of file RcppParams.cpp.
.PP
References _params, and pmap.
.SS "\fBRcppDatetime\fP RcppParams::getDatetimeValue (std::string name)"
.PP
Definition at line 163 of file RcppParams.cpp.
.PP
References _params, and pmap.
.SS "\fBRcppDate\fP RcppParams::getDateValue (std::string name)"
.PP
Definition at line 140 of file RcppParams.cpp.
.PP
References _params, and pmap.
.PP
Referenced by Rcpp_Example(), and RcppParamsExample().
.SS "double RcppParams::getDoubleValue (std::string name)"
.PP
Definition at line 60 of file RcppParams.cpp.
.PP
References _params, and pmap.
.PP
Referenced by Rcpp_Example(), and RcppParamsExample().
.SS "int RcppParams::getIntValue (std::string name)"
.PP
Definition at line 83 of file RcppParams.cpp.
.PP
References _params, and pmap.
.PP
Referenced by Rcpp_Example(), and RcppParamsExample().
.SS "std::string RcppParams::getStringValue (std::string name)"
.PP
Definition at line 106 of file RcppParams.cpp.
.PP
References _params, and pmap.
.PP
Referenced by Rcpp_Example(), and RcppParamsExample().
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "SEXP \fBRcppParams::_params\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 44 of file RcppParams.h.
.PP
Referenced by getBoolValue(), getDatetimeValue(), getDateValue(), getDoubleValue(), getIntValue(), getStringValue(), and RcppParams().
.SS "std::map<std::string, int> \fBRcppParams::pmap\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 43 of file RcppParams.h.
.PP
Referenced by checkNames(), exists(), getBoolValue(), getDatetimeValue(), getDateValue(), getDoubleValue(), getIntValue(), getStringValue(), and RcppParams().

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Rcpp from the source code.
