.TH "Rcpp" 3 "2 Jan 2010" "Rcpp" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Rcpp \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Classes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBsafeAssign_s\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBsafeFindNamespace_s\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "static void \fBsafeAssign\fP (void *data)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static void \fBsafeFindNamespace\fP (void *data)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "RObject \fBwrap\fP (SEXP m_sexp=R_NilValue)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "RObject \fBwrap\fP (const bool &v)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "RObject \fBwrap\fP (const double &v)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "RObject \fBwrap\fP (const int &v)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "RObject \fBwrap\fP (const Rbyte &v)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "RObject \fBwrap\fP (const std::string &v)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "RObject \fBwrap\fP (const std::vector< bool > &v)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "RObject \fBwrap\fP (const std::vector< int > &v)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "RObject \fBwrap\fP (const std::vector< double > &v)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "RObject \fBwrap\fP (const std::vector< Rbyte > &v)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "RObject \fBwrap\fP (const std::vector< std::string > &v)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "RObject \fBwrap\fP (const std::set< int > &v)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "RObject \fBwrap\fP (const std::set< double > &v)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "RObject \fBwrap\fP (const std::set< Rbyte > &v)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "RObject \fBwrap\fP (const std::set< std::string > &v)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "static void Rcpp::safeAssign (void * data)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 31 of file Environment.cpp.
.PP
References Rcpp::safeAssign_s::rho, Rcpp::safeAssign_s::sym, and Rcpp::safeAssign_s::val.
.SS "static void Rcpp::safeFindNamespace (void * data)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 39 of file Environment.cpp.
.PP
References Rcpp::safeFindNamespace_s::sym, and Rcpp::safeFindNamespace_s::val.
.SS "RObject Rcpp::wrap (const std::set< std::string > & v)"
.PP
Definition at line 162 of file RObject.cpp.
.PP
References logTxt.
.SS "RObject Rcpp::wrap (const std::set< Rbyte > & v)"
.PP
Definition at line 151 of file RObject.cpp.
.PP
References logTxt.
.SS "RObject Rcpp::wrap (const std::set< double > & v)"
.PP
Definition at line 140 of file RObject.cpp.
.PP
References logTxt.
.SS "RObject Rcpp::wrap (const std::set< int > & v)"
.PP
Definition at line 129 of file RObject.cpp.
.PP
References logTxt.
.SS "RObject Rcpp::wrap (const std::vector< std::string > & v)"
.PP
Definition at line 110 of file RObject.cpp.
.PP
References logTxt.
.SS "RObject Rcpp::wrap (const std::vector< Rbyte > & v)"
.PP
Definition at line 99 of file RObject.cpp.
.PP
References logTxt.
.SS "RObject Rcpp::wrap (const std::vector< double > & v)"
.PP
Definition at line 88 of file RObject.cpp.
.PP
References logTxt.
.SS "RObject Rcpp::wrap (const std::vector< int > & v)"
.PP
Definition at line 77 of file RObject.cpp.
.PP
References logTxt.
.SS "RObject Rcpp::wrap (const std::vector< bool > & v)"
.PP
Definition at line 66 of file RObject.cpp.
.PP
References logTxt.
.SS "RObject Rcpp::wrap (const std::string & v)"
.PP
Definition at line 59 of file RObject.cpp.
.PP
References logTxt.
.SS "RObject Rcpp::wrap (const Rbyte & v)"
.PP
Definition at line 52 of file RObject.cpp.
.PP
References logTxt.
.SS "RObject Rcpp::wrap (const int & v)"
.PP
Definition at line 45 of file RObject.cpp.
.PP
References logTxt.
.SS "RObject Rcpp::wrap (const double & v)"
.PP
Definition at line 38 of file RObject.cpp.
.PP
References logTxt.
.SS "RObject Rcpp::wrap (const bool & v)"
.PP
Definition at line 31 of file RObject.cpp.
.PP
References logTxt.
.SS "RObject Rcpp::wrap (SEXP m_sexp = \fCR_NilValue\fP)"
.PP
Definition at line 27 of file RObject.cpp.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Rcpp from the source code.
